Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
DAD: I was just listening to the radio on my way in to town, apparently an actress just killed herself.MOM: Oh my! Who!?DAD: Uh, I can't remember... I think her name was Reese something?MOM: WITHERSPOON!!!!!???????DAD: No, it was with a knife...
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
The secret service isn't allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell "Donald, duck!"
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language
My daughter screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
My wife tried to unlatch our daughter's car seat with one hand and said, "How do one armed mothers do it?" Without missing a beat I replied, "Single handedly."
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there!
My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.
Justice is a dish best served cold, if it were served warm it would be justwater.
The fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
MOM: "How do I look?" DAD: "With your eyes."
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNS!”
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
3 unwritten rules of life...1. 2. 3.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
I told my son I was named after Thomas Jefferson… He said, “But dad, your name is Brian.” I said, “I know, but I was named AFTER Thomas Jefferson.”
KID: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" DAD: "Poof, you’re a sandwich!”
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
SERVER: "Sorry about your wait." DAD: "Are you saying I’m fat?”
What has two butts and kills people? An assassin
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? AYE MATEY
CASHIER: "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir?" DAD: "No, just leave it in the carton!’”
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
When an ambulance zips past with its siren blaring: "They won’t sell much ice cream driving that fast.”
If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the US, he will be rolling in his grave.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracadabrador.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Why couldn't the bike standup by itself? It was two tired.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea!
GRANDPA: I have a 'dad bod', DAD: To me it's more like a father figure.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
When a dad drives past a cow pasture: LOOK! That cow is OUT-STANDING in his field!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
When you ask a dad if he's alright: "No, I’m half left.”
KID: "Hey, I was thinking…" DAD: "I thought I smelled something burning.”
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
SON: *hands my Dad his 50th birthday card*, DAD: You know, one would have been enough.
When a woman is giving birth, she is literally kidding.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here."
Can February March? No, but April May!
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Why did the crab never share? Because he's shellfish.
To call the whole Elon Musk controversy “Elon-Gate” seems like a bit of a stretch.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. If the cow has no legs, then it’s ground beef.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw!
What is Beethoven’s favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na.
When you ask a dad if they got a haircut: "No, I got them all cut!"
Where did the college-aged vampire like to shop? Forever 21.
GROCERY STORE CHECKER: "Paper or plastic?" DAD: "Either, I’m bisacktual.”
What did the horse say after it tripped? "Help! I’ve fallen and I can’t giddyup!”
You know what the loudest pet you can get is? A trumpet.
Why wasn't the woman happy with the velcro she bought? It was a total ripoff.
What noise does a 747 make when it bounces? Boeing, Boeing, Boeing.
I hear it's easy to get ladies not to eat Tide pods. It's more difficult to deter gents, though.
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!”
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there? European.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why.
WAITRESS: "Soup or salad?" DAD: "I don’t want a SUPER salad, I want a regular salad.”
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño your face.
As a lumberjack, I know that I’ve cut exactly 2,417 trees. I know because every time I cut one, I keep a log.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... it's tearable.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino.
I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me.
If you rearrange the letters of “Postmen”. They get really pissed off.
A three-legged dog walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I’m looking for the man who shot my paw."
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
You heard of that new band 1023MB? They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Did you see they made round bails of hay illegal in Wisconsin? It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.
What do you call a lonely cheese? Provolone.
DAD, TO A SINGER: "Don’t forget a bucket." SINGER: "Why?" DAD: "To carry your tune."
I told my 14 year old son I thought 'Fortnite' was a stupid name for a computer game. I think it is just too weak.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
How do you tell the difference between a frog and a horny toad? A frog says, "Ribbit, ribbit" and a horny toad says, "Rub it, rub it.”
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!
NURSE: "Blood type?" DAD: "Red."
What do you call a fish with two knees? A “two-knee” fish.
